[VA-864] Emit end_call reason + built-in voicemail tool (VA-866) (#235)
cartesia-ai/line: README.md

Ready-to-use tools for common actions:

```python
from line.llm_agent import LlmAgent, LlmConfig, end_call, knowledge_base, send_dtmf, transfer_call, voicemail, web_search

agent = LlmAgent(
    model="gemini/gemini-2.5-flash-preview-09-2025",
    tools=[end_call, send_dtmf, transfer_call, voicemail, web_search, knowledge_base],
    config=LlmConfig(...),
)
```

| Tool | What it does |
|------|--------------|

> | `end_call` | Ends the call (records `end_reason="agent_ended"`) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `end_call` | Ends the call |
```

| `send_dtmf` | Presses phone buttons (0-9, *, #) |
| `transfer_call` | Transfers to a phone number (E.164 format) |

> | `voicemail` | Call when you reach a voicemail: optionally leaves a message, then ends the call with `end_reason="voicemail_detected"`. Configure with `voicemail(message="…")` |

Author: ```suggestion
| `voicemail` | Call when you reach a voicemail: optionally leaves a message, then hangs up the call. Configure with `voicemail(message="…")` |
```
